It begins walking on its hind legs after evolution. It can punch holes through boulders with its horn.
The female raises its offspring in a pouch on its belly. It is very skilled at using COMET PUNCH.
Its large ears are flapped like wings when listening to distant sounds. If it is angered, it extends its barbs.
Its adorable apperance makes it a popular pet. However, it is very rare and difficult to find.
It busily flits around here and there. Even if it is frail, it can be a tough foe due to PARROT MIMICRY.
A life form whose identity is unknown. It is said to SCREECH or suddenly SELFDESTRUCT.
It is recognized by its rock-hard hide and extended horn. Be careful with the horn, as it contains venom.
When a YADON went hunting, its tail was bitten by a SHELLDER. That made it evolve into YADORAN.
There is a plant bulb on its back. When it absorbs nutrients, the bulb is said to blossom.
It is called 'The Walking Tropical Rainforest'. Each of the nuts has a face and will of its own.
Its tongue is twice the length of its body. It can be moved like an arm to grab food and attack.
Even though it appears to be eggs of some sort, it was discovered to be a life form more like seeds.
Sludge exposed to X rays from the Moon transformed into BETBETER. It loves feeding on filthy things.
It is said to emerge from the darkness to steal the lives of those who become lost in the mountains.
Though small, it must be treated with caution because of its toxic barbs. It has small horns.
It's covered in stiff needle-like scales. If it becomes excited, the needles will bristle outwards.
It wears the skull of its dead mother on its head. When it becomes lonesome, it is said to cry loudly.
Strong, but not too bright, this #MON can shatter even a skyscrapper with its TACKLES..
Its high intelligence enables it to understand human speech. It likes to ferry people.
A #MON that is described in Chinese legends. It is said to run at a unbelievable speed.
A #MON of South America that was thought to be extinct. It's very intelligent and learns any move.
With an extremely agressive nature, the HYPER BEAM it shoots from its mouth incinerates all its foes.
It is encased in a shell that is harder than a diamond. Inside, however, it is very tender.
Its eyes are as transparent as crystals. From them, it shoots mysterious beams of light.
A being that exists as a thin gas. It can topple an Indian elephant by enveloping its prey in 2 seconds.
It tears and shreds prey with its wickedly sharp scythes. It very rarely spreads its wings to fly.
It appears in large numbers by seahores. At night, its central core flashes with a red light.
It crushes its foe under his body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell.
Its two long pincer horns are powerful. Once they grip an enemy they won't release it until its torn.
Blue plant vines cloak the #MONs identity in a tangled mass. It entangles anything that gets close.
Very friendly and faithful to people it will try to repel all enemies by barking and biting.
It usually lives underground. It searches for food while boring its way through the ground at 80 KPH.
Its huge and very magnificent wings can keep it aloft in the sky. It can fly a whole day without landing.
Does not like to fight. It hides in tall grass and so on, foraging for food such as small bugs.
It is always lost in thought, but no one knows what it is thinking about. It fishes well with its tail.
It happened one morning a boy with extrasensory powers awoke in bed transformed into YUNGERER.
Be careful while hiking on mountain trails. GOLONE may come rolling down the path without slowing.
It lays several eggs a day. These are apparently rich in nutrients and extremely delicious.
Its formidable body never gets tired. It helps people with work such as moving heavy goods.
It is adept at conning people. It is said to be able to create walls out of thin air by miming.
Its legs freely contract and stretch. The stretchy legs allow it to hit at distant foes.
The spirit of a pro boxer has infused this #MON. It's punches are faster than a bullet train.
The pattern on its belly appears to be a frightening face. Weak foes will flee at the sight of it.
It scatters toxic spores from the mushroom cap. In China, the spores are used as herbal medicine.
It is constantly wracked by a headache. When it turns intense, it begins using a mysterious power.
Descendant of the legendary animal baku which is said to eat dreams. It is skilled in the use of hypnotism.
It is enclosed in a hard shell that is as rugged as slabs of rock. It sheds skin yearly to grow larger.
Found near mouths of volcanos. This fire-breather's body temperature is nearly 1,200 degrees-C.
It loves to feed on electricity. It occasionally appears around power plants and sub-stations.
A linked cluster formed of several COIL. It discharges powerful magnetic waves at high voltage.
Its balloon-like body is inflated by horribly toxic gases. It reeks when there is one nearby.
Light and agile on its feet, and ferocious in mood. When angered, it flies into a crazy frenzy.
Covered in light blue fur, its hide is thick and tough. It's active even in the bitter cold of -40 deg-C.
It burrows through the ground at a shallow depth. leaving raised earth, making it easy to spot.
When it is about to TACKLE, it whips its body repeatedly with its three long tails.
It always walks about with a plant stalk clamped in its beak. It is used later for building its nest.
Its eyes act as a radar, enabling it to be active in the dark. The eyes can also shoot powerful beams.
It can fly even with its big and bulky physique, and circles the the globe in just 16 hours.
A two-headed #MON that was discovered as a sudden mutation. It runs at a pace of over 100 KPH.
Its slick black skin is thin and damp. Part of its internal organs can be seen as a spiral pattern.
It speaks using a language similar to humans. Research is under way to determine what it is saying.
One of the legendary bird #MON. Those who see it are overwhelmed by its orange wings that seem on fire.
One of the legendary bird #MON. With its long tail trailing behind, its flying form is magnificent.
One of the legendary bird #MON. When it is flying, it makes crackling and snapping sounds.
It can freely recombine its own cellular structure to transform into any other type of life form.
All it does during the day is sleep. At night, its eyes are aglow while it patrols its territory.
It can be found near the sea. The large pincers grow back if they are torn out of their sockets.
While young, it has six gorgeous tails. When it grows, several new tails spout forth.
It has nine long tails and fur that gleams gold. It is said to be capable of living for a 1,000 years.
It has small electric sacs on both its cheeks. If threatened, it will lose electric charges from them.
Its electric shocks can go up to 100,000 volts. Careless contact can cause even an elephant to faint.
Even the young can exceed 2 meters in length. It grows larger by repeatedly shedding its skin.
It is said to live in both seas and lakes. Even though it has no wings, it has been seen flying.
This #MON was regenerated from the fossil of an ancient creature. It protects itself with a hard shell.
It swims freely through water. It catches prey with its scythe-like arms and drains their fluids.
It maintains balance using its tail, which is wound up like a coil. Its mouth can spray ink.
Its body bristles with sharp spikes. Carelessly trying to touch it could cause fainting from the spikes.
It burrows and lives underground. If threatened, it curls itself up into a ball for protection.
It is adept at attacking with the spines on its back and its claws while quickly scurrying about.
A prehistoric #MON that lived in the primordial sea, it swims by twisting its 10 tentacles about.
Its tentacles are highly developed as if they were hands and feet. It bites prey upon ensaring it.
It captivates foes with its huge round eyes. Then lulls them to sleep singing a soothing melody.
It has extremely fine, dense, and supple fur. This exquisite fur conveys an image of luxury.
An extremely rare #MON that may evolve in a number of different ways depending on the stimuli.
It has a flame bag in its body. After inhaling deeply, it blows out flames near 1,700 degrees-C.
If angered or startled, the fur all over its body bristles like sharp needles that pierce its foes.
Its body's cellular structure is similar to that of water. So it can invisibly melt in it.
Its whole body is composed of muscles. Even though it's the size of a child, it can hurl 100 adults.
It has no eyes. Instead, it relies on its ultrasonic cries for echo location to flit about in darkness.
A common sight in grasslands, etc. It flicks its tongue in and out to sense danger in its surroundings.
Growing out of the bug's back are mushrooms called Tochukaso. The mushrooms grow with the bug host.
Its two legs are well developed. Even though it can live on land, it prefers living in water.
An adept swimmer, it knows the front crawl, butterfly, and more. It is faster than the best human.
Often found in grasslands and forests. It has a sharp, toxic barb around 5 cm long atop its head.
This #MON is in a temporary stage while making its body. It is almost completely unable to move by itself.
May appear in a swarm. Flies at violent speeds, and stabs with the toxic stinger on its rear.
An odd species that is rare to find. The three heads respectively represent joy, anger, and sadness.
It is always outrageously furious. If it gives chase, it will track the target no matter how far it goes.
In battle, it digs through the ground to strike unsuspecting foes from unexpected directions.
The wings are covered in dustlike scales. Every time it flaps its wings it looses highly toxic dust.
Its body is covered with a pure white fur. The colder the weather, the more active it becomes.
It is covered with a green skin. When it grows, it sheds skin, covers itself with silk and becomes a cocoon.
Even though it is encased in a sturdy shell, the inside is fragile. It can't endure a harsh attack.
The wings are protected by a rainrepellent dust. As a result, this #MON can fly even in rain.
Its four ruggedly developed arms can launch a flurry of about 1,000 punches in just two seconds.
Its forelegs are webbed, helping to make it an adept swimmer. It can be seen swimming in lakes and ponds.
It carries a pendulum. There once was an incident in which it took away a child it hypnotized.
It clamps down on its prey with needle-sharp fangs and drains over 300 ccm of blood in one gulp.
A #MON whose genetic code was repeatedly recombined for research.It turned vicious as a result.
It is not happy unless it eats 400 kg of food every day. When done, it goes promptly to sleep.
It is virtually worthless in terms of both power and speed. It is the most pathetic #MON in the world.
Usually undetectable because it blends in with the ground. Touching it can cause severe poisoning.
Its large and hard pincer has 10,000 horsepower of strength. Though, being so big, it is clumsy to move.
Its shell is so hard that not even a napalm bomb can shatter it. The shell opens only when it attacks.
It explodes in response to even minor stimuli. It is feared, with the nickname of 'The Bomb Ball'.
It has an acute sense of hearing. It can easily hear the sound of a pin being dropped a kilometer away.
Very rarely, a sudden mutation can result in two small DOGARS twins becoming a MATADOGAS.
Has a vicious temperament. Beware if it raises its tail, it is a signal that it is about to pounce.
It was originally weak. Its temperament turned ferocious when it began using bones as a weapon.
If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, HAUNTER is there.
It sleeps for 18 hours a day. It uses a variety of psychic powers even while it is asleep.
It does not like physical attacks. Instead it freely uses extra-sensory powers to defeat its foes.
The claws on its feet are well developed. It can carry an TAMATAMA to its nest over 100 km away.
It spreads its gorgeous wings to intimidate all its enemies. It races through the skies at Mach-2 speed.
This #MON has a geometric body. Because of it, the locals suspect that it is an alien creature.
There is a plant seed on its back from the day this #MON is born. The seed slowly grows larger.
A bewitching aroma wafts from its flower. The fragance becalms those engaged in a battle.
It has 80 tentacles that move about freely. They can sting, causing poisoning and a stabbing pain.
Its dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles. It can swim at a speed of 5 knots.
The horn on its head is sharp like a drill. It bores a hole in a boulder to make its nest.
Its body is light and its legs have amazing power. It can jump over Tokyo Tower with a single leap.
It can gallop at a top speed of 240 KPH, and can race as fast as a bullet train while being ablaze.
Its long fangs are very sharp. They continuously grow, so it gnaws on hard things to whittle them down.
Its rear feet have three toes each. They are webbed, enabling it to swim across rivers.
It is easily angered. By swinging its well-developed horn wildly, it can even punch through diamond.
The female has a a more gentle temperament. It emits ultrasonic cries that can befuddle its foes.
Its round form makes it easy to pick up. Some people have used them in snowball fights.
Using the latest technologies, scientists finally succeeded in making the 1st artificial #MON.
It was regenerated from a dinosaur's genetic matter that was found in amber. It emits a high-pitched cry.
It moves while constantly hovering. It emits THUNDER WAVEs from the magnets at its sides.
From the time it is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if it goes out.
When it retracts its long neck into its shell, it squirts out water with an extremely vigorous force.
It lashes about with its tail to knock down its opponent. It then tears up the foe with sharp claws.
This #MON is very popular as a pet. Its furcovered tail is a symbol of its longevity.
Its wings can carry this #MON close to an altitude of 1400m. It blows out fire at high temperatures.
Its scientific name is 'Oddium Wanderus.' At night, it walks up to 300 m on its two roots.
Its pistils exude an incredibly foul odor. The horrid stench can cause fainting at a distance of 2 km.
Its petals are the largest in the world. It scatters allergy-causing pollen on purpose from its petals.
Its bud resembles a human face. Due to the bud, it is rumored to be a type of mandrake plant.
The leafy parts acts as blades for slashing foes. It spits a fluid that dissolves everything it touches.
Lures prey into its mouth with a honeylike aroma. The helpless prey is melted in a dissolving fluid.